Define `output` option for `package` command with using directives (#1213)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/package.md

* launcher-app
* exit-dialog
* logo-path

## Using directives

> Instead of passing some of `package` options directly from bash, it is possible to do so with [using directives](/docs/guides/using-directives).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of passing the `package` options directly from bash, it is possible to pass some of them with [using directives](/docs/guides/using-directives).
```

### packaging.packageType

> This using directive allows to define type of package generated by `package` command. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This using directive allows to define the type of package generated by the `package` command. For example:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This using directive allows to define the type of the package generated by the `package` command. For example:
```

```
//> using packaging.packageType "assembly"
```

Available types: `assembly`, `raw-assembly`, `bootstrap`, `library`, `source`, `doc`, `spark`, `js`, `native`, `docker`, `graalvm`, `deb`, `dmg`, `pkg`, `rpm`, `msi`.

### packaging.output

> This using directive allows to define destination path of package generated by `package` command. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This using directive allows to define the destination path of the package generated by the `package` command. For example:
```

```
//> using packaging.output "foo"
```

> This using directory tells to create package named `foo` inside current directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This using directive allows to create a package named `foo` inside the current directory.
```
